Add a Swift example to the ObjC guide (#4167)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/libraries/objective-c-interop.md

To learn more about FFI and interfacing with C code directly,
see the [C interop guide](/guides/libraries/c-interop).

> It is also possible to generate Objective-C headers for Swift APIs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate Objective-C headers for Swift APIs,
```

Another import thing you'll see,
if you look at the [example config]({{page.example}}/pubspec.yaml),
is the exclude and include options.

> By default, ffigen will generate bindings for everything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ffigen` generates bindings for everything
```

For this example, we're only interested in `AVAudioPlayer`,
so you can exclude everything else:

```yaml
  exclude-all-by-default: true
  objc-interfaces:
    include:
      - 'AVAudioPlayer'
```

Since `AVAudioPlayer` is explicitly included like this,

> ffigen will exclude all other interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ffigen` excludes all other interfaces.
```

> The `exclude-all-by-default` flag tells ffigen to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `exclude-all-by-default` flag tells `ffigen` to
```

exclude everything else.
The result is that nothing is included except `AVAudioPlayer`,

> and the things that it depends on, such as `NSObject` and `NSString`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and its dependencies, such as `NSObject` and `NSString`.
```

So instead of several million lines of bindings,

> you end up with tens of thousands.

Reviewer: Is this an exaggeration?

Author: Nope. Apple's internal libraries are huge.

If you need more granular control,

> you can exclude or include all the declarations individually,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can exclude or include all declarations individually,
```

  unnamed-enums:
    exclude:
      - '.*'
```

> These `exclude` entries are all excluding the regular expression `'.*'`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These `exclude` entries all exclude the regular expression `'.*'`,
```

    }
```

> ## Swift Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Swift example
```

This [example]({{page.swift_example}}) demonstrates how to
make a Swift class compatible with Objective-C,
generate a wrapper header, and invoke it from Dart code.

### Generating the Objective-C wrapper header

Swift APIs can be made compatible with Objective-C,
by using the `@objc` annotation.
Make sure to make any classes or methods you want to use
`public`, and have your classes extend `NSObject`.

```swift
import Foundation

@objc public class SwiftClass: NSObject {
  @objc public func sayHello() -> String {
    return "Hello from Swift!";
  }

  @objc public var someField = 123;
}
```

> If you're trying to interact with a 3rd party library,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're trying to interact with a third-party library,
```

and can't modify their code,

> you may need to write an Objective-C compatible wrapper class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you might need to write an Objective-C compatible wrapper class
```

that exposes the methods you want to use.

For more information about Objective-C / Swift interoperability,
see the [Swift documentation][].

Once you've made your class compatible,
you can generate an Objective-C wrapper header.
You can do this using Xcode,
or using the command line Swift compiler, `swiftc`.

> For this example, we'll use the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the command line:
```

```terminal
$ swiftc -c swift_api.swift             \
    -module-name swift_module           \
    -emit-objc-header-path swift_api.h  \
    -emit-library -o libswiftapi.dylib
```

This command compiles our swift file, `swift_api.swift`,
and generates a wrapper header, `swift_api.h`.
It also generates the dylib we're going to load later,
`libswiftapi.dylib`.

You can verify that the header generated correctly

> by opening it checking the interfaces are what you expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by opening it, and checking that the interfaces are what you expect.
```

Towards the bottom of the file,
you should see something like this:

```objc
SWIFT_CLASS("_TtC12swift_module10SwiftClass")
@interface SwiftClass : NSObject
- (NSString * _Nonnull)sayHello SWIFT_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT;
@property (nonatomic) NSInteger someField;
- (nonnull instancetype)init OBJC_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER;
@end
```

If the interface is missing, or doesn't have all its methods,
make sure they're all annotated with `@objc` and `public`.

### Configuring ffigen

Ffigen only sees the Objective-C wrapper header, `swift_api.h`.

> So most of this config will look similar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So most of this config looks similar
```

to our Objective-C example,
including setting the language to `objc`.

```yaml
ffigen:
  name: SwiftLibrary
  description: Bindings for swift_api.
  language: objc
  output: 'swift_api_bindings.dart'
  exclude-all-by-default: true
  objc-interfaces:
    include:
      - 'SwiftClass'
    module:
      'SwiftClass': 'swift_module'
  headers:
    entry-points:
      - 'swift_api.h'
  preamble: |
    // ignore_for_file: camel_case_types, non_constant_identifier_names, unused_element, unused_field, return_of_invalid_type, void_checks, annotate_overrides, no_leading_underscores_for_local_identifiers, library_private_types_in_public_api
```

> As before, we set language to `objc`,
> set the entry point to our header,
> exclude everything by default,
> and then explicitly include our interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As before, set the language to `objc`,
and the entry point to the header;
exclude everything by default,
and explicitly include the generated interface.
```

One important difference between the config
for a wrapped Swift API and a pure Objective-C API:
the `objc-interfaces` -> `module` option.
When `swiftc` compiles the library,
it gives the Objective-C interface a module prefix.
Internally, `SwiftClass` is actually registered as
`swift_module.SwiftClass`.
You need to tell `ffigen` about this prefix,
so it loads the correct class from the dylib.

Not every class gets this prefix.

> For example, `NSString` and `NSObject` won't
> get a module prefix, because they are
> internal classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, `NSString` and `NSObject` 
won't get a module prefix, 
because they are internal classes.
```

This is why the `module` option maps
from class name to module prefix.
You can also use regular expressions to match
multiple class names at once.

The module prefix is whatever you passed to
`swiftc` in the `-module-name` flag.
In this example, it's `swift_module`.
If you don't explicitly set this flag,

> it defaults to the name of the swift file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it defaults to the name of the Swift file.
```
